arch map
name Stonehaven
msg
Creator: Daimonin Map Editor
Date:    6/9/2004
endmsg
width 24
height 24
difficulty 1
outdoor 1
tile_path_1 castle_0102
tile_path_2 castle_0201
tile_path_3 castle_0100
tile_path_4 castle_0001
tile_path_5 castle_0202
tile_path_6 castle_0200
tile_path_7 castle_0000
tile_path_8 castle_0002
tileset_id 4
tileset_x 0
tileset_y -96
end
arch grassd_2
end
arch wall_stone_8
end
arch grassd_5
y 1
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 1
end
arch grassd_3
y 2
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 2
end
arch grassd_2
y 3
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 3
end
arch grassd_4
y 4
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 4
end
arch grassd_1
y 5
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 5
end
arch grassd_7
y 6
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 6
end
arch grassd_1
y 7
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 7
end
arch grassd_6
y 8
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 8
end
arch grassd_3
y 9
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 9
end
arch grassd_1
y 10
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 10
end
arch grassd_5
y 11
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 11
end
arch grassd_7
y 12
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 12
end
arch grassd_2
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 13
end
arch grassd_8
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 14
end
arch grassd_7
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 15
end
arch grassd_7
y 16
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 16
end
arch grassd_3
y 17
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 17
end
arch grassd_8
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_3
y 18
end
arch grassd_1
y 19
end
arch plant_flower5
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
y 22
end
arch grassd_4
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
x 1
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 1
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 1
end
arch exit
type 69
x 1
y 1
end
arch light1
x 1
y 1
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 2
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 3
end
arch axe_broad
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 3
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 4
end
arch whip_war
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 4
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch club_big
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 5
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch mstar
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 6
end
arch shelf4_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 6
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch tanto
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 7
end
arch shelf2_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 7
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch pallasch
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 8
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch gladius
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 9
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch tsurugi
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 10
end
arch shelf6_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 10
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 11
end
arch shelf1_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 11
end
arch shop_floor
x 1
y 12
end
arch t_hammer
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 10
x 1
y 12
end
arch shop_floor
x 1
y 13
end
arch t_axe
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 10
x 1
y 13
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch bow
identified 1
no_pick 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 14
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch crossbow
identified 1
no_pick 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 15
end
arch shelf3_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 15
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch sling
identified 1
no_pick 1
unpaid 1
x 1
y 16
end
arch shelf3_wall.111
direction 7
x 1
y 16
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 1
y 17
end
arch shop_floor_normal
x 1
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 1
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
x 1
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 1
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 1
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 1
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 1
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 1
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
x 1
y 23
end
arch grassd_2
x 2
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 2
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 1
end
arch shop_floor
x 2
y 2
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 3
end
arch helm_battle
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 3
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 4
end
arch light1
x 2
y 4
end
arch shield_war
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 4
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch helm_horn
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 5
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch shield
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 6
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch light1
x 2
y 7
end
arch helm_leather
name cap
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 7
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch shield_round
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 8
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch hat_feather
name feathered hat
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 9
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch light1
x 2
y 10
end
arch buckler
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 2
y 10
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 11
end
arch shop_floor
x 2
y 12
end
arch t_dagger
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 10
x 2
y 12
end
arch light1
x 2
y 13
end
arch shop_floor
x 2
y 13
end
arch t_star
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 10
x 2
y 13
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 14
end
arch arrow
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 25
x 2
y 14
end
arch shop_floor
x 2
y 15
end
arch bolt
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 25
x 2
y 15
end
arch light1
x 2
y 16
end
arch shop_floor
x 2
y 16
end
arch sstone
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 25
x 2
y 16
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 2
y 17
end
arch shop_floor_normal
x 2
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_w.111
x 2
y 18
end
arch grassd_2
x 2
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 2
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 2
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 2
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 2
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 2
y 22
end
arch grassd_4
x 2
y 23
end
arch plant17
x 2
y 23
end
arch grassd_7
x 3
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 3
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 1
end
arch light1
x 3
y 1
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 2
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 3
end
arch fighting_boots
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 3
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 4
end
arch light1
x 3
y 4
end
arch gauntlets_leather
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 4
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch combat_boots
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 5
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch gloves
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 6
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch light1
x 3
y 7
end
arch kicking_boots
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 7
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch belt
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 8
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch fencing_boots
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 9
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch light1
x 3
y 10
end
arch girdle
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 10
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 11
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch banded_mail
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 12
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch light1
x 3
y 13
end
arch splint_mail
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 13
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch lamellar_mail
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 14
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch lamp
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 3
y 15
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 16
end
arch light1
x 3
y 16
end
arch oil_lamp
layer 4
unpaid 1
no_pick 1
identified 1
nrof 5
x 3
y 16
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 3
y 17
end
arch shop_floor_normal
x 3
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 3
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
x 3
y 19
end
arch plant17
x 3
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 3
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 3
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 3
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 3
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 3
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
x 3
y 23
end
arch grassd_1
x 4
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 4
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 1
end
arch light1
x 4
y 1
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 2
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 3
end
arch voulge
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 3
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 4
end
arch halberd
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 4
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch bec_de_corbin
no_pick 1
identified 1
x 4
y 5
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch lucern_hammer
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 6
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch ranseur
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 7
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch pike
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 8
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch glaive
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 9
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch guisarme
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 10
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 11
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch leather_cuirass
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 12
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch scale_mail
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 13
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch brigandine
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 14
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch r_sack
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 15
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch sack
no_pick 1
identified 1
unpaid 1
x 4
y 16
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 4
y 17
end
arch shop_floor_normal
x 4
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_w.111
x 4
y 18
end
arch grassd_3
x 4
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 4
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 4
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 4
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 4
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 4
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
x 4
y 23
end
arch grassd_2
x 5
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 5
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 1
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 5
y 1
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 2
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 2
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 3
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 3
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 4
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 4
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 5
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 5
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 6
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 6
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 7
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 7
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 8
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 8
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 9
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 9
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 10
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 10
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 11
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 11
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 12
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 12
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 13
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 13
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 14
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 14
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 15
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 15
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 16
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 16
end
arch shop_floor_normal
type 68
no_magic 1
no_magic 1
x 5
y 17
end
arch grate1_3
x 5
y 17
end
arch shop_floor_normal
x 5
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_4
x 5
y 18
end
arch grassd_8
x 5
y 19
end
arch bench3.111
no_pass 0
x 5
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 5
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 5
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 5
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 5
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 5
y 22
end
arch grassd_3
x 5
y 23
end
arch grassd_7
x 6
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 1
end
arch exit
type 69
x 6
y 1
end
arch light1
x 6
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 6
end
arch spawn_point
x 6
y 6
arch archer
name Yordin
type 83
level 99
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 7
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 6
y 7
end
arch light3
x 6
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 14
end
arch forge_111
x 6
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 15
end
arch spawn_point
x 6
y 15
arch smith
name Lathair
type 83
arch event_obj
name lua
race /scripts/smith.lua
sub_type 13
end
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 16
end
arch anvil_111
x 6
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 6
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 6
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 6
y 18
end
arch grassd_2
x 6
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 6
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 6
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 6
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 6
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 6
y 22
end
arch grassd_5
x 6
y 23
end
arch grassd_2
x 7
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 1
end
arch beer_barrel.101
x 7
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 3
end
arch light4
x 7
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 15
end
arch light4
x 7
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
no_magic 1
no_cleric 1
x 7
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_w.111
x 7
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
x 7
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 7
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 7
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 7
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 7
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 7
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
x 7
y 23
end
arch grassd_7
x 8
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 1
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 2
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 3
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 4
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 5
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 6
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 7
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 8
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 9
end
arch door_wood1
direction 3
x 8
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 10
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 11
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 12
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 16
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 8
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 17
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 8
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 8
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_4
x 8
y 18
end
arch grassd_2
x 8
y 19
end
arch spawn_point
x 8
y 19
arch guard
name Castle Guard
type 83
level 50
end
end
arch floor_grit2
x 8
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 8
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 8
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 8
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 8
y 22
end
arch grassd_4
x 8
y 23
end
arch grassd_1
x 9
end
arch plant17
x 9
end
arch grassd_6
x 9
y 1
end
arch grassd_7
x 9
y 2
end
arch plant_flower5
x 9
y 2
end
arch grassd_7
x 9
y 3
end
arch bench3.111
no_pass 0
direction 7
x 9
y 3
end
arch grassd_6
x 9
y 4
end
arch grassd_1
x 9
y 5
end
arch grassd_8
x 9
y 6
end
arch grassd_2
x 9
y 7
end
arch grassd_6
x 9
y 8
end
arch lantern2_magic.131
direction 5
x 9
y 8
end
arch light4
x 9
y 8
end
arch grassd_8
x 9
y 9
end
arch grassd_6
x 9
y 10
end
arch lantern2_magic.131
direction 5
x 9
y 10
end
arch light4
x 9
y 10
end
arch grassd_3
x 9
y 11
end
arch grassd_7
x 9
y 12
end
arch tree30
x 9
y 12
end
arch grassd_2
x 9
y 13
end
arch plant17
x 9
y 13
end
arch grassd_7
x 9
y 14
end
arch plant_flower7
x 9
y 14
end
arch grassd_3
x 9
y 15
end
arch grassd_8
x 9
y 16
end
arch grassd_6
x 9
y 17
end
arch grassd_5
x 9
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
x 9
y 19
end
arch light7
x 9
y 19
end
arch lantern_magic.131
direction 5
x 9
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 9
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 9
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 9
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 9
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 9
y 22
end
arch grassd_2
x 9
y 23
end
arch plant17
x 9
y 23
end
arch light7
x 9
y 23
end
arch lantern_magic.131
direction 5
x 9
y 23
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 1
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 1
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 2
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 2
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 3
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 3
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 4
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 4
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 5
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 5
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 6
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 6
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 7
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 7
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 8
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 8
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 9
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 9
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 10
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 10
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 11
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 11
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 12
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 12
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 13
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 13
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 14
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 14
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 15
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 15
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 16
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 16
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 17
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 17
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 18
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 18
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 19
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 20
end
arch grassd_m13
x 10
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 22
end
arch grassd_m14
x 10
y 22
end
arch floor_grit2
x 10
y 23
end
arch grassd_m9
x 10
y 23
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 1
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 2
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 3
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 4
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 5
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 6
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 7
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 8
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 9
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 10
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 11
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 12
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 13
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 14
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 15
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 16
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 17
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 18
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 22
end
arch floor_grit2
x 11
y 23
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 1
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 1
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 2
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 2
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 3
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 3
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 4
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 4
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 5
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 5
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 6
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 6
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 7
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 7
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 8
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 8
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 9
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 9
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 10
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 10
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 11
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 11
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 12
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 12
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 13
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 13
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 14
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 14
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 15
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 15
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 16
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 16
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 17
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 17
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 18
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 18
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 19
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 20
end
arch grassd_m12
x 12
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 22
end
arch grassd_m11
x 12
y 22
end
arch floor_grit2
x 12
y 23
end
arch grassd_m8
x 12
y 23
end
arch grassd_6
x 13
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 13
end
arch grassd_7
x 13
y 1
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 1
end
arch grassd_3
x 13
y 2
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 2
end
arch grassd_8
x 13
y 3
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 3
end
arch grassd_6
x 13
y 4
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 4
end
arch grassd_7
x 13
y 5
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 13
y 5
end
arch grassd_3
x 13
y 6
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 6
end
arch grassd_6
x 13
y 7
end
arch floor_grit2
x 13
y 7
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 7
end
arch grassd_7
x 13
y 8
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 8
end
arch grassd_8
x 13
y 9
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 9
end
arch grassd_3
x 13
y 10
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 13
y 10
end
arch grassd_8
x 13
y 11
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 11
end
arch grassd_6
x 13
y 12
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 12
end
arch grassd_1
x 13
y 13
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 13
end
arch grassd_4
x 13
y 14
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 14
end
arch wmask_fire_on_1
direction 7
x 13
y 14
end
arch grassd_3
x 13
y 15
end
arch wall_stone_w.131
x 13
y 15
end
arch grassd_2
x 13
y 16
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 16
end
arch grassd_5
x 13
y 17
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 17
end
arch grassd_7
x 13
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_3
x 13
y 18
end
arch grassd_8
x 13
y 19
end
arch light7
x 13
y 19
end
arch lantern_magic.131
direction 1
x 13
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 13
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 13
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 13
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 13
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 13
y 22
end
arch grassd_4
x 13
y 23
end
arch lantern_magic.131
x 13
y 23
end
arch light7
x 13
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 14
end
arch light7
x 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 1
end
arch shelf3a.111
direction 5
x 14
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 14
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 3
end
arch exit
x 14
y 3
arch event_obj
race /relic/castle/scripts/app_teleport.lua
sub_type 10
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 4
end
arch glower.101
x 14
y 4
end
arch light9
x 14
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 14
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 6
end
arch basin1_full.101
x 14
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 7
end
arch carpet1.131
x 14
y 7
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 14
y 7
end
arch light7
x 14
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 8
end
arch drawers1.111
direction 5
x 14
y 8
end
arch carpet1.131
x 14
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 9
end
arch bed_1a.111
name Save Bed
type 106
no_magic 1
damned 1
x 14
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 10
end
arch table_small1
x 14
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 14
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 12
end
arch box1.101
x 14
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 14
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 16
end
arch chair1_drop_111
x 14
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 14
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 14
y 18
end
arch grassd_5
x 14
y 19
end
arch spawn_point
x 14
y 19
arch guard
name Castle Guard
type 83
level 50
end
end
arch floor_grit2
x 14
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 14
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 14
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 14
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 14
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
x 14
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
end
arch carpet1.111
x 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 15
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 15
y 5
end
arch picture1.151
x 15
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 6
end
arch carpet1.151
x 15
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 7
end
arch carpet1
x 15
y 7
end
arch spawn_point
x 15
y 7
arch priest_green
type 83
level 17
random_move 1
item_race 3
item_level 3
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 8
end
arch carpet1
x 15
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 9
end
arch carpet1.111
x 15
y 9
end
arch bed_1b.111
name Save Bed
type 106
no_magic 1
damned 1
x 15
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 15
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 15
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 15
end
arch chair1_111
x 15
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 16
end
arch table_round1
x 15
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 17
end
arch chair1_111
direction 5
x 15
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 15
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_w.111
x 15
y 18
end
arch grassd_8
x 15
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 15
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 15
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 15
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 15
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 15
y 22
end
arch grassd_2
x 15
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
end
arch carpet1.111
x 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 2
end
arch door_wood2
x 16
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 5
end
arch door_wood2
x 16
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 6
end
arch carpet1.151
x 16
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 7
end
arch carpet1
x 16
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 8
end
arch carpet1
x 16
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 9
end
arch carpet1.111
x 16
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 16
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 12
end
arch spawn_point
x 16
y 12
arch monk
name Karlack
type 83
level 45
random_move 1
item_race 9
item_level 1
arch event_obj
name lua
race //scripts/tavern.lua
sub_type 13
end
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 16
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 14
end
arch light9
x 16
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 16
end
arch pile_floor2
x 16
y 16
end
arch chair1_111
direction 3
x 16
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 16
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 16
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
x 16
y 19
end
arch tree30
x 16
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 16
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 16
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 16
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 16
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 16
y 22
end
arch grassd_5
x 16
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 1
end
arch basin1_full.101
x 17
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 17
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 17
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 6
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 17
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 7
end
arch carpet1.171
x 17
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 8
end
arch carpet1.171
x 17
y 8
end
arch table_wood1.111
direction 7
x 17
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 17
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 12
end
arch wmask_wanted
x 17
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 17
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 15
end
arch chair1_111
direction 7
x 17
y 15
end
arch spawn_point
x 17
y 15
arch ranger
type 83
level 15
random_move 1
item_race 7
item_level 7
stand_still 1
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 17
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 17
y 18
end
arch grassd_6
x 17
y 19
end
arch light4
x 17
y 19
end
arch lantern2_magic.131
x 17
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 17
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 17
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 17
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 17
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 17
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
x 17
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 1
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_4
x 18
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 18
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 6
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 7
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 8
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
y 8
end
arch picture6.151
direction 5
x 18
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 9
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 10
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 18
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_4
x 18
y 11
end
arch pot_wall.131
x 18
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 18
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 14
end
arch chair1_111
x 18
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 15
end
arch table_round1
x 18
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 16
end
arch chair1_111
direction 5
x 18
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 18
y 18
end
arch door_wood2
x 18
y 18
end
arch grassd_4
x 18
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 18
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 18
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 18
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 18
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 18
y 22
end
arch grassd_4
x 18
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 19
end
arch light6
x 19
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 1
end
arch shelf3a.111
direction 5
x 19
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 19
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 4
end
arch light2
x 19
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 19
y 5
end
arch picture3.151
x 19
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 6
end
arch basin1_full.101
x 19
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 7
end
arch carpet1.131
x 19
y 7
end
arch table_wood1.111
direction 7
x 19
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 8
end
arch carpet1.131
x 19
y 8
end
arch table_small1
x 19
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 9
end
arch bed_1a.111
name Save Bed
type 106
no_magic 1
damned 1
x 19
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 10
end
arch drawers1.111
direction 5
x 19
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 19
y 11
end
arch pot_wall.131
x 19
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 19
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 15
end
arch chair1_drop_171
x 19
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 19
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 19
y 18
end
arch grassd_2
x 19
y 19
end
arch light4
x 19
y 19
end
arch lantern2_magic.131
x 19
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 19
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 19
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 19
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 19
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 19
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
x 19
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
end
arch carpet1.111
x 20
end
arch spawn_point
x 20
arch monk
type 83
level 15
random_move 1
item_race 2
item_level 2
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 2
end
arch door_wood2
x 20
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 5
end
arch door_wood2
x 20
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 6
end
arch carpet1.151
x 20
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 7
end
arch carpet1
x 20
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 8
end
arch carpet1
x 20
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 9
end
arch bed_1b.111
name Save Bed
type 106
no_magic 1
damned 1
x 20
y 9
end
arch carpet1.111
x 20
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 20
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 12
end
arch wmask_wanted
x 20
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 20
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 14
end
arch light9
x 20
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 16
end
arch chair1_111
direction 7
x 20
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 20
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 20
y 18
end
arch grassd_8
x 20
y 19
end
arch plant_flower5
x 20
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 20
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 20
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 20
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 20
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 20
y 22
end
arch grassd_3
x 20
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 1
end
arch basin1_full.101
x 21
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 21
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 4
end
arch light2
x 21
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 21
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 6
end
arch shelf3a.111
x 21
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 7
end
arch carpet1.171
x 21
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 8
end
arch carpet1.171
x 21
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 10
end
arch candlelight4.101
x 21
y 10
end
arch light6
x 21
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 21
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 21
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 14
end
arch pile_floor2
x 21
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 15
end
arch chair1_111
x 21
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 16
end
arch table_round1
x 21
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 17
end
arch chair1_111
direction 5
x 21
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 21
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 21
y 18
end
arch grassd_1
x 21
y 19
end
arch bench3.111
no_pass 0
x 21
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 21
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 21
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 21
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 21
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 21
y 22
end
arch grassd_8
x 21
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 1
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_4
x 22
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 3
end
arch bench3.111
no_pass 0
x 22
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 5
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 22
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 6
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 7
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 8
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 9
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 10
end
arch wall_stone1_3
x 22
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_4
x 22
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 12
end
arch beer_barrel.101
x 22
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 13
end
arch bar1
x 22
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 15
end
arch chair1_111
direction 7
x 22
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 16
end
arch chair1_111
direction 3
x 22
y 16
end
arch spawn_point
x 22
y 16
arch peasant
type 83
end
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 17
end
arch water_floor
x 22
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 22
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_w.111
x 22
y 18
end
arch grassd_7
x 22
y 19
end
arch plant17
x 22
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 22
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 22
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 22
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 22
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 22
y 22
end
arch grassd_5
x 22
y 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
end
arch carpet1.131
x 23
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 1
end
arch shelf3a.111
direction 5
x 23
y 1
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 2
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 23
y 2
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 3
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 4
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 5
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 6
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 7
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 8
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 9
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 10
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 11
end
arch wall_stone1_1
x 23
y 11
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 12
end
arch bar1
direction 7
x 23
y 12
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 13
end
arch bar1
direction 7
x 23
y 13
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 14
end
arch light9
x 23
y 14
end
arch chair1_111
x 23
y 14
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 15
end
arch table_round1
x 23
y 15
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 16
end
arch chair1_111
direction 5
x 23
y 16
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 17
end
arch floor_wood2_l2
x 23
y 18
end
arch wall_stone_1
x 23
y 18
end
arch grassd_2
x 23
y 19
end
arch floor_grit2
x 23
y 20
end
arch grassd_m10
x 23
y 20
end
arch floor_grit2
x 23
y 21
end
arch floor_grit2
x 23
y 22
end
arch grassd_m7
x 23
y 22
end
arch grassd_7
x 23
y 23
end
arch plant_flower7
x 23
y 23
end
